The children ran down the hill.
It took me about an hour to read this book through.
My colleague doctored the report.
You have to get up early.
This wild rose gives off a sweet scent.
You needn't have brought your umbrella.
We talked on the phone until midnight.
Who wrote this book? "John did."
The price of coffee has come down.
I'm having a great time in Canada.
I forgot it.
It may rain tonight.
This is a handy little box.
What have you been doing all this while?
I wake up at the sound of the alarm.
Do you know the name of this flower?
This river is not polluted.
I have a lot of assignments to do today.
When will you leave?
I have been wearing this overcoat for more than five years.
The climate here is mild.
This is a good textbook.
I have got only a week left before school starts.
I am ready for death.
What do you think came to pass here?
The whole nation is waging a war against poverty.
We played games for about an hour and a half.
Albert, I hope you'll stand by me if I get in trouble.
There are a number of nice restaurants near here.
We need something to eat.
Our house commands a beautiful view.
I will finish this work by 5 o'clock.
I wonder if my brother will ever come back.
On a sultry night in August a new theatre opened for business.
This expedition will be expensive.
This soup needs something to pick it up.
Saying is one thing, and doing is quite another.
Besides, you lead a charmed life.
The old method proved to be best after all.
This machine doesn't have a safety device.
Your clothes say "vacation resort" to me.
The police brought a charge of theft against him.
I slept nine hours.
My son is going to leave for France next week.
Our plan didn't work in practice.
No, no, that's okay.
As for me, I have no question.
This elevator is capable of carrying 10 persons at a time.
As usual, his thoughts were extremely academic.
But we carried on without him.
We met each other again completely by accident.
What was your mother doing when you returned home?
We took advantage of the good weather to play tennis.
Fine weather added to the joy of our trip.
There is a wide gap in the opinions between the two students.
Your shirts need to be washed.
I'm just thinking about my wish, replied the little black rabbit.
Wow, it's swarming with tourists!
Could you break a 1,000 yen note?
Let me fill up your glass, Mr Nakauchi.
Those cats are liked by her.
The guardsman was assaulted by a robber.
I thought it would clear up in the afternoon.
There doesn't seem any difference of meaning between the two constructions.
Where on earth did you get that hat?
May I use this pen?
In Alaska you can see natural phenomena like the aurora, right?
My father is free this afternoon.
When would you like to have your coffee?
I think this dictionary useful for beginners.
Death is often compared to sleep.
Our picnic was altogether spoiled by the rain.
No, I don't think that I am to blame.
There's to be a strike on April 6th.
Ann often plays tennis after school.
You should think before you speak.
We had a little water.
I am going to see him today.
There is a dense growth of vines in this forest.
You ought to keep working while you have your health.
Jim was afraid of physical labor.
These articles are all exempt from duty.
I'd like to live in New York.
This hill commands a very fine view.
One of my favorite tunes was playing on the radio.
My sister hasn't done homework for herself.
We are to meet at six.
You may give the ticket to whomever you like.
Can I pay a credit card?
Is he coming? "No, I think not."
You may use my car.
You cannot burn anything without oxygen.
You can't go along this road. It is under repair.
I told Jim to restrain himself from drinking too much.
The TGV goes faster than any other train in the world.
This one is full.
The bowl contains many kinds of candy.
When I arrived, it was raining.
This is a great opportunity to increase our market share.
Please give me some more coffee.
Whoever comes to see us is welcome.
I noticed several people sleeping during the concert.
Many kinds of flowers come out in the middle of April.
Did you have a lot of happy experiences in your childhood?
My train leaves at seven, arriving in Tokyo at nine.
You can believe me, because I heard this news first hand.
That is a leather belt.
I lost face.
Where is my notebook? "It is on the chair."
The third star belonged to a certain king.
Our daughter will be in the Shichi-Go-San festival this year.
We'll visit you tomorrow.
We never thought of it as impossible to carry out.
Children should obey their elders, mind you.
Next to him, I'm the fastest runner in our class.
This tanker is bound for Kuwait.
Say hello to Jimmy.
Sure. That's a good idea.
You should do your homework now.
He believes that there is a spy among us.
My aunt is older than my mother.
This is the nicest present I've ever had.
Talented students come from far and wide to attend this school.
I followed the deer's tracks.
Steel production will increase 2% this month from last month.
The girl that came yesterday was a stranger to me.
Take this medicine after each meal.
I have had a series of misfortunes since then.
Would you mind my staying here for some time?
One man says this, another that.
This meat smells bad.
I proposed that a doctor be sent for.
My life is coming to an end.
Cosby's argument concerns the reliability of the Hette Manuscript.
The dog traced the rabbit into the forest.
What did you say in relation to what happened yesterday?
The sushi at this shop tastes good.
My foot is small beside yours.
Without your help, I would have failed.
Wherever I may go, I will get lost.
I missed my bus this morning.
This is much the most expensive car in the shop.
Is this book Takeo's?
A stranger spoke to me.
Well... My house isn't big enough.
My uncle gave me the watch.
Ken is happy.
This film develops fast.
I am sending you a picture of my family.
This is beyond the scope of my imagination.
Soccer played throughout the world today is closest to the original football.
There seems to be something wrong with our telephone.
This week I had three midterms.
The lecture was above me.
Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.
Will you pick up the laundry from the laundrette?
My dream is to become a pilot.
In the Hanshin earthquake, the ground shook for a long time.
This soup smacks of fish.
As a child I learned lots of poems by heart.
We bought our plane tickets two months in advance.
That's a constructive suggestion!
I have an appointment at 8 o'clock.
Besides smoking, my father drinks.
You should do away with that dog.
I think he will be glad to see you.
That's great. Nobody gives me anything.
Is this snake safe to touch?
I'm calling because my credit card has been stolen.
My dream has come true at last by working hard.
What a good speaker of English you are!
I'm not accustomed to such treatment.
This room is very stuffy.
The policeman gave me a sign stop.
A stranger asked me the way to the school.
Don't speak with your mouth full.
Does anyone here speak Japanese?
Eleven o'clock is my regular time for going to bed.
Good night, Mom.
She implored for mercy.
I am staying with my uncle.
It's too dark to play baseball now.
A rumor does not always prove a fact.
I will give it a try.
Please give me a ring this evening.
This isn't for sale.
We are gaining a day.
All dogs are faithful.
I greatly appreciate your efforts during our festival.
Don't interfere with me.
The flood caused a lot of damage.
My mother gets up early in the morning.
We should respect the rights of others, much more their lives.
We jammed into the elevator.
I am quite willing to do anything for you.
The most careful man sometimes makes mistakes.
I don't feel like studying at all tonight.
Write the receiver's name here, please.
I was about to reply, when he boldly cut in.
I think Mr Ashe has just got to have a cigarette.
The American home does away with most housework by using machines.
There was a new coat of paint on the door.
Parrots often imitate human speech.
I'm trying to rid myself of this bad habit.
This beautiful dress is made of silk.
Step right up, gents, and say what you'll have.
There's very little money coming in at present.
We are liable to judge others by the clothes they wear.
We asked Hanako to play the piano.
I found the banana on a steep mountain road.
We agreed to leave soon.
Do you have that bottle?
You must not smoke while working.
This laboratory is where we study every day.
It is not any different from what I expected.
This is why I quit the job.
Dad! Mom! I have some great news for you!
Since it was raining, Nancy hesitated to go out.
My sister is having a baby in June.
Will it rain this afternoon?
You are supposed to introduce yourselves in turn.
Please wait for five minutes.
This book has undergone several translations.
Hm, that's a good idea. Let's go there.
But, he didn't keep his promise.
The whole class is present once a week.
This train rides very well.
I have only a little money about me.
When did you miss your watch?
She dressed him like children dress their pets.
There are some misprints, but all in all, it's a good book.
I broke my leg in a traffic accident.
Who has been absent from school for three weeks?
That is the restaurant where we had dinner yesterday.
The apricot trees are in full blossom.
The international situation is becoming grave.
We enjoyed the party to our heart's content.
When I got up, it was snowing outside.
This is the hottest summer we have had in fifty years.
You have only to wait here.
Please allow me to measure you.
Quite a few people have been invited to celebrate the couple's anniversary.
This plane can fly at 800 miles an hour.
That store gives good service.
We are going to have a party on Saturday night.
Do you see what I mean?
Our uncle bought us movie tickets.
She took care of the children.
I said so.
Health is the most precious thing we have.
As regards the result, you need not worry so much.
This is the same watch as I have.
You have to work harder to make up for lost time.
Let's all go to an all-you-can-eat Yakiniku restaurant.
Do you believe in ghosts?
I went swimming in the lake with Hiroko.
The temperature here is higher than that of Tokyo.
The wind is cold today.
We ate sandwiches for breakfast.
Shun will take over my job while I'm away.
Our train went through a long tunnel.
What were the chief events of last year?
Will you look after my dog while I'm out?
Now is the time to clinch the deal.
Don't put the saddle on the wrong horse.
The English Channel separates England and France.
Sally called on Mr Taylor.
He called me a stupid boy.
I will try to live up to your expectations.
Hi! Thanks for flying with us. How are you today?
You can keep this dictionary if necessary.
She held him like mother gorillas hold their babies.
My advice is predicated on my experience.
The present world owes its convenient life to petroleum.
We're almost there.
I can't help sneezing, I caught a cold yesterday.
We thought it wise not to continue our trip.
But he wanted a son very much.
My father wanted me to go and see that place.
I misplaced your blue pen.
Sam helps whoever asks him to.
This is Tom speaking. I'd like to speak to Ann.
My room is just below.
Australia is about twenty times as large as Japan.
There was no evidence against him found at the scene.
I wish I had been kind to her then.
I have lived in this village for the past ten years.
Please leave nothing behind.
I was just leaving home then.
I will never see him.
Would you mind opening the window? "Of course not."
I couldn't but buy such lovely dolls.
He looks older than my brother.
Is it possible to be here a little longer?
In my opinion, you should take the exam again.
The cherry trees are in full bloom.
The monkey came down.
The mayor presented him with the key to the city.
This noise is something which I refuse to put up with.
These books are worth reading at least once.
I always say to myself to be generous.
My brother is a first-year student.
He often appears on TV.
I'll see you again this afternoon.
The wider the V angle, the slower the speed.
You are no longer a child.
The lake was frozen, so we walked across the ice.
Secrecy is of the essence in this matter.
I have warm feelings for that doll.
The students studying over there are my friends.
Is it possible to catch AIDS from toilet seats? "No, it isn't."
The last examination was very difficult.
We all went to the party except Joe.
Here, please have a seat.
Here we are at Himeji Station.
Jane is not such a bad sort.
Keep to these instructions carefully.
An image is formed by the information in the media.
If you need money, I'll lend you some.
What's the nationality of that cameraman over there?
We know that water boils at 100 degrees.
To do him justice, he is not so lazy.
How about going out for a walk?
This work calls for a high degree of skill.
I would rather walk than wait for the next bus.
Athletic boys are popular with girls in American schools.
This river flows too fast to swim in.
My grandmother can ride a motorcycle.
Light travels at a velocity of 186,000 miles per second.
There were fewer accidents this year than last.
That's not what I heard.
This is the very video I have been looking for.
England is proud of her poets.
Have you heard of a bird called the Arctic Tern?
This magazine is issued every month.
This feels like silk.
Let me tell you about the origin of this school.
After all they came to terms with each other.
We exchanged greetings.
After a while, he came.
You run very fast.
Oedipus had answered the riddle correctly!
After we had tea, we began the discussion.
I have never been abroad.
We play catch in the park near our house on Sundays.
The two companies are competing with each other.
There was no one left but me.
You are as tall as my sister.
You should turn money to good use.
Please fill in this application form.
I suggest that you should write him a thank-you letter.
Even a child can understand it.
This dictionary contains a lot of information.
I don't care for sports.
You're out of it.
The summit nations put free trade at the top of the agenda.
I'll clear these dishes away.
You will be busy tomorrow.
My uncle is slender, but my aunt is stout.
Would three o'clock be all right?
I'll quit my job for the sake of my health.
I always take a bath before going to bed.
This watch needs repairing. It gains 20 minutes a day.
I paid his wages on the spot.
I'll show my album to you.
There's a hole in my coat.
The finest wines are those from France.
I altered my typical lunch and had a steak instead.
I want to hear all your news.
The man I trusted betrayed me.
The watch I lost the other day was new.
I saw a bird flying over a tree.
At first, the trainees were awkward in his company.
I was always good at math.
This shirt is a little bit loose.
You may stay here if you want to.
I don't know who that man is.
All who take up the sword will perish by the sword.
I ran across some old friends at the party.
I'll say this: I am innocent.
Just imagine that we can fly like birds.
I would like to do something else today.
Take this medicine every six hours.
I have been here for a week.
You're welcome to any book in my library.
Have you seen any movies lately?
Stock prices were mixed on the Tokyo market today.
I have the blues today.
A cup of coffee cost 200 yen in those days.
Don't lose heart.
They are plowing the field of wheat.
I will not presume to give an opinion.
You mustn't miss seeing this wonderful film.
For a full day from today please.
I don't have anything to give to you.
But where is this compass?
My hobby is listening to music.
This car is used by my father.
I can not afford to buy it.
Individuals do not exist for the development of the State.
You have only to go there.
There are a great many books in this library.
The children were playing in the dirt.
What know you of patience?
I was browned to a nice tan.
Chris noticed Kate walking through the neighborhood with a strange boy.
Such a man cannot be relied upon.
Children often try to imitate their elders.
I stayed at a hotel on a hill in that town.
My conscience is clear.
I made up my mind to quit smoking from now on.
Unfortunately I have no money with me.
I'm about tired of this quiet life.
I'm angry at the neglect of these children.
We called Robert "Bob".
Don't listen to the man.
Ken mistook you for me.
Please send me a catalogue.
There was a parade to mark the occasion.
My sister is engaged in social work.
That hotel serves very good food.
May I talk with you?
I went up to the 5th floor in an elevator.
Don't expose this chemical to direct sunlight.
It's not easy being honest all the time.
My father is a bank clerk.
My town is not what it used to be.
There's much room for improvement in this project.
I paid a matter of fifty dollars.
I'm not going to waste my money.
Hey, this pizza isn't bad. Not bad at all.
My brother has no occupation now.
I required that John leave at once.
This is the diary which she kept.
The stew smells delicious.
Dogs often bury bones.
Only hope can keep me together now.
We reached London at midnight.
There is nothing to it.
I have visited more than nine countries up until now.
This is the letter sent from Hong Kong by air mail.
I went to the hospital yesterday.
I will do whatever you wish.
At the time I managed to make myself understood in English.
The man you saw in my office yesterday is from Belgium.
How many boys are there in your class?
This play has no humor in it.
It is easy to answer this question.
We look forward to receiving your prompt reply.
All of you, shut up! he said.
The troops advanced twenty miles.
The management refused to come to terms.
I'm not in the least interested in such things.
I like languages.
This is the book about which I told you.
When the last leaf falls, I must go, too.
This probably means war.
UFO stands for unidentified flying object.
I have plenty of time to do that.
I'm quite better now.
Do you have a part time job?
I'll tell you about my father.
Let me say what I think.
A Mr Sato is waiting to see you.
What did you do with that money?
Not being careful of his health, he fell ill.
I was meeting Bob at six.
My brother doesn't go in for sports.
I want an orange juice or something.
What time do you get up every day?
The children whirled about the garden.
This classroom is cleaned.
It is as warm today as yesterday.
What shall we have tonight?
We all make mistakes.
My name is Edgar Degas.
This is the pencil with which she wrote it.
High costs made it hard to carry on his business.
This package has been left here by him.
He took to drinking after his wife left him.
Children should be kept away from the pond.
You needn't prepare a formal speech.
In English there are some words borrowed from Japanese.
I'm going to make this material into a skirt.
The institution of marriage appears to be on the decline.
Hey, you shut up! You talk too much, the gangster said.
What I want now is a hot cup of coffee.
I can sing it in English.
There is a certain amount of truth in what he's saying.
The rough material hurt the child's tender skin.
The drowning man called for help, but in vain.
The alternative to surrender is fighting.
My mother has been dead these three years.
What do you have to say with regard to this problem?
Whether it may be hard or not, I must do it.
There are dangers that threaten both men and women.
My bag is too old. I must buy a new one.
My hobby is to read.
The child tumbled down the stairs.
I had great difficulty at the beginning.
Please write a letter to me.
After his death, his paintings were hung in the museum.
The missing cat has not been found yet.
I don't feel equal to doing the work.
This ticket will admit two persons free.
This necktie does not match my coat.
In a sense you are right in refusing to join that club.
Culture Day falls on Monday this year.
Can you put the children to bed?
We adopted an alternative method.
To make a long story short, he married his first love.
Come into my room.
I agree with you to a certain extent.
Thank you for your many kindnesses to me.
Our baby is learning to speak.
I don't know what to do about this difficult problem.
You are not to blame for the accident.
This problem is too difficult for me to explain.
They have less rain in Egypt than in Japan.
The second term came to an end yesterday.
This was quite primitive compared to that.
A trip to Mars may become possible in my lifetime.
This technical journal is above me.
Some consider language as a form of knowledge.
How did you come by these books?
I fell down the stairs in my haste.
This is his answer to my letter.
I am staying for another few weeks.
It is likely to rain soon.
I had my fingers caught in the door.
These facts will bear out his story.
Look at that lovely house of Mary's.
I entrusted my money to him.
Who was the greatest philosopher that ever lived?
However hard he worked, he did not become any better off.
We were at a loss what to do.
Sorry, but you must have the wrong number.
Don't think I'm made of money.
Please give me this pen.
Shall I close the window? "Yes, please."
You can see how much difference a few degrees can make.
How big is this park?
What is that in front of us?
This carpet is designed for residential use.
It's nothing like desk work.
If I were you, I'd buy that one.
I'll take them to Kate.
This is the theater where we see foreign movies.
I have a few friends in the United States.
How silly of me!
Cathy has a hot temper.
There is little furniture in my house.
You must be more careful in driving a car.
This is the mistake of the student.
We must not make too much of this incident.
I'll raise my hand as a signal.
I'm sorry to trouble you.
In other words, you should doubt common sense.
Our teacher looks very young.
The boy tried moving the heavy sofa.
I've got no more to do.
When did the wedding take place?
You're going to get much publicity with this book.
Twelve musicians constitute the society.
Today's paper contains nothing of importance.
We ought to look the world straight in the face.
You must not lose sight of your main object.
This coat is out of date.
Some insects can take on the color of their surroundings.
You are being naughty today.
We accepted his invitation.
We expect a very cold winter this year.
Carol is driving a rent-a-car.
There were a lot of people in the park.
This story tells us an interesting fact.
I don't like people who get angry easily.
Computers have invaded every field.
You must learn English whether you like it or not.
You had better go to bed early.
Would you mind helping me with my work? "Not at all."
Beat the Giants!
These customs differ from those in our country.
When I woke up, all other passengers had gotten off.
I regret to tell you the truth.
Anthony was esteemed by the Egyptians.
Your assistance is indispensable for us.
We stayed at a hotel in front of the station.
I slept all day yesterday, because it was Sunday.
Won't you come with us? "I'd be glad to."
There is a good market for these articles.
I got off at the park.
Don't discriminate against people based on nationality, gender, or occupation.
The modern Japanese politics is bad.
I went fishing with my brother in the river.
Can you page someone for me?
Would you mind writing it down on this piece of paper?
We know very little about the cause of this disease.
It rained hard yesterday morning.
Tell me the reason for your absence from school yesterday.
Sorry, I must stay at home today.
The fellow standing over there is my friend.
This is the latest fashion.
Just wandering around can be a good way to travel.
Many boys and girls ranging from 12 to 18 entered the contest.
I am thinking about that matter.
I was asked to make a few remarks on energy conservation.
Who do you think is the writer of this novel?
The knife is not sharp.
Would you like some salad?
Mr Green is a teacher of history.
This temple dates back to 780.
Please accept our condolences on the death of your father.
Some people are never content with what they have.
Can I reserve a flight to Chicago?
I would not meddle in such a thing.
The cherry blossoms are at their best now.
I have an appointment at 3.
This mink cost $3,000.
Never have I seen such a beautiful sunset.
From now on, let's study in the morning.
Matters are different now.
How many pieces of baggage do you have?
Try putting yourself in your mother's shoes.
An expensive car is a status symbol.
Sales should double this year.
I am writing a draft of the speech.
My brother had a house built in Urawa last month.
Shall we begin now?
My brother was injured in the car accident.
I cannot abide the insult.
Do you like sports?
Kim's smile was very sweet.
Will it rain today?
The mayor presented the prizes in person.
Some children play video games all the time.
Lend money only to such as will repay it.
You are free to go or to stay.
I cannot afford to buy a car.
We dissected a frog to examine its internal organs.
My girlfriend is an actress.
This is why she is still angry with me.
The green color becomes Alice.
Please take off your hat here in this room.
Language is unique to man.
What are you going to do with this money?
Please tell me about your hobbies.
These pillars support the stage.
I received a letter three months later.
How long do you study English every day?
This is the shop at which I had a haircut.
He wrote a fine description of what happened there.
At the end of March we'll marry.
This is the very dictionary that I have been looking for.
My work is not complete yet.
Pay more attention to your work.
There is only a small audience today.
That white building is a hospital.
My mother asked me to keep her company during the weekend.
There were some unsavory rumors about him.
Keep track of everything that looks promising.
I cannot do the work on my own.
A full moon can be seen tonight.
The Diet will soon be dissolved.
The police assembled a lot of evidence against him.
This scandal has severely damaged the public image of our company.
Just step right over there.
Leave your umbrella in the hall.
You are not to sleep in this room.
This mine will close down next month.
How about asking her to join our trip abroad?
The promise I made then still holds.
What is the book about?
This is a very small book.
My uncle brought a new TV set for us.
It is terribly hot this morning.
Mr. Fuji died, leaving 4 children behind him.
This rule can be applied to any case.
Given only thirty minutes, we couldn't answer all the questions.
There are some good apples in the basket.
I will take care of you when you are old.
A man stood waving his hand to me.
Jim's uncle is due to retire next year.
My camera loads easily.
Refrain from smoking here.
I like to travel alone.
Carol often watches horror movies.
Let me help you with the dishes.
I talked my father out of smoking.
I have no more money in my wallet.
Taking all things into consideration, his conduct can be excused.
What is the name of that river?
Galileo argued that the earth moves.
I had a good time yesterday.
How did you come to know such a wonderful girl?
The stew was not half bad.
Jane studied herself in the mirror.
Our existence is a miracle in itself.
Your story doesn't square with the facts.
We suspected him of lying.
Exchange the old part for a new one.
You should be careful about your health.
If your boss "sacks" you, it means you're fired.
I estimate that the work will cost more than $10,000.
I'll look up this word in the dictionary.
This dress fits me very well.
Revenues are growing, but not as fast as costs.
Can you imagine a time when the world is free of war?
I want to study French.
We deliver your order free of charge within a 20-mile limit.
This coffee tastes bitter.
Please see to it that the dog doesn't go out.
I pay fifty pounds a week for board and lodging.
Remain in your seats with your seat belts fastened.
One day he helped a weak turtle.
I'd like to visit England someday.
What time does the play start?
I'll be over in half an hour.
I could not image how cruel he was at that time.
It was sultry last night.
There's somebody who wants to meet you.
You can adjust this desk to the height of any child.
Please call on me when it is convenient for you.
Fire!, he cried.
What time do you usually turn in?
I'm certain we can deliver the laboratory equipment by March 15th.
Will it hurt a lot?
To make a long story short, everything went fine.
I passed over the dark street.
This is the tallest tower in Japan.
Don't be a trouble to mother.
To do him justice, he is diligent and kind.
Be ambitious, children.
We could understand each other.
Who owns this house?
But his eyes were blue and bright.
It is not always easy to make a good joke.
This is Goroh Watanabe.
It is me that painted this picture.
It is not going to rain this evening.
We discussed our plans for a trip to Italy over coffee.
Changes in society come from individuals.
I don't enjoy tennis.
Are you free this afternoon?
Where's the nearest gas station around here?
I made up my mind to come here after all.
I'll be back in an hour.
It was very hot this afternoon.
What's the name of this street, please?
I don't mean to make you worry.
You mean a lot to me.
It's time for us to go to bed.
The temperature of the human body hovers around 37°C.
I want a tie to go with this suit.
It leaves a bad aftertaste.
This cheese has a sharp taste.
The medicine is hard to swallow.
The trouble is that they only think of themselves.
A UFO is flying in the sky.
Is there a nearby branch of a Japanese bank?
I saw Julie off at the airport.
It is something my mother made.
Are you studying?
What is the good of reading such books?
I found it easy to operate the computer.
Carol refused; in other words her answer was "no."
Children quickly adapt themselves to their new life.
Windows 95 crashed on me AGAIN!
It has rained since yesterday.
In England spring really begins with the first of May.
This button is loose.
Emily has such a sweet tooth she never refuses candy.
Your dream will come true in the near future.
I can't abide that rude man.
The man is apparently deceiving us.
Watch out for your tongue.
When do we hand in the report?
This subject is not within the scope of our study.
You should arrive at school before eight.
Will you go on the next bus trip?
This is a picture painted by him.
I hold this as self-evident.
At first, I couldn't understand what he said.
I got very tired, but I felt good.
My mother is always busy.
We had bad weather yesterday.
The jet plane flew away in an instant.
This was built long ago.
He came to see you right after you left.
I am determined to carry out this plan.
You can't study too hard.
This is very nice to look at.
Either you or I will get the first prize.
Are you subject to colds?
What passes for leisure in our society is actually time-consuming.
When I was staying in Boston, I made her acquaintance.
When I felt for my pocketbook I found it was gone.
I plan to stay there a week.
When did you see him?
She said, "I owe it to him that I am popular."
What would you do if you met a lion here?
We know the time when we were poor.
Charge this to my account.
The class divided on this question.
I can seldom find time for reading.
We need a signed receipt.
Let's sit here for a while and look at the view.
But everyone else is still.
I have no friend with whom to talk about it.
It isn't anywhere near as hot today as it was yesterday.
This towel is harsh to the touch.
I would like to go to the USA.
I will not dwell any longer upon this subject.
I will tell you if you wish.
You shouldn't ask personal questions.
Tell me your story. I am all ears.
My brother is consumed with ambition.
I cannot see you without thinking of your late father.
I, for my part, have nothing more to say.
Here comes the bus.
This clock is out of order.
I will never tell a lie from now on.
The climate here is milder than that of England.
The couple was quarrelling and Chris knocked Beth down.
The USA is a good market for Japanese products.
I am commuting to university.
Some students take the cable car.
Kate has three times as many records as Jane has.
As far as I'm concerned, I have no complaint.
Going home last night, I saw her again.
You will never realize what I went through.
The commander gave orders that his men fire at once.
Just right here?
The police are looking into it.
We should not depend on your parents.
500 policemen were put on strict alert.
The coach considers Bob a good player.
Ann can't find a job.
Soon nobody will have anything to do with you.
That can't be Mary. She's in hospital now.
As yet, I have not completed the sweater.
This country is rich in coal.
How often did you go swimming last summer?
This refill lasts half a year.
What do you make of my pie?
What did you do with those books?
This dictionary contains about 40,000 headwords.
Can you swim at all?
Now, listen to the doctor, or you won't get well.
This winter is warm.
Can you make yourself understood in French?
As far as I am concerned, I have no objection.
Kentaro is staying with his friend in Kyoto.
I like that young man.
Ken is older than Seiko.
You are very rich.
Is your friend an idiot or what? asked the father.
I'm very happy to meet you.
This town gave to great men.
I have been looking for you.
How much is this racket?
My children wear out their shoes quickly.
Do you know the man whose house we have just passed?
Look at the sign just ahead of you.
What more could I want?
Last night we enjoyed talking over our high school days.
Let's get going.
You should keep your promise.
We were thoroughly satisfied with his work.
Well, OK, Willie finally agreed.
This hospital has a lot of new equipment.
To some extent I agree with you.
I have seen a UFO.
I don't think it worthwhile doing such a thing.
My sister played the leading character.
He looks like your brother.
I haven't my dictionary at hand.
At best I can do only half of what you did.
Your comments were always very helpful to me.
We are giving a small party this evening.
Our school has twenty-four classes in all.
The people which were here have all gone.
I look on watching TV as a waste of time.
When did they go home?
Goro is good at English.
I bought this hat for 2000 yen.
Chris brought her a present and bravely gave it to her.
We are better off than we used to be.
Is she young? "Yes, she is."
She rented a four-room flat.
Butterflies of this species are now extinct.
I don't see what he says.
This road is too narrow for trucks to pass.
Could you tell me the way to the port?
You are not as short as I.
These problems have arisen as the result of your carelessness.
My elder brother is an authority on philosophy.
You have changed since I saw you last year.
These questions are easy to answer.
To my surprise, he didn't know how to use the dictionary.
I can walk at least two miles.
This work has to be finished by Monday.
What size do you think I take?
Ezra, will y'all come over tonight?
I like Azuchimomoyama Castle.
You must be very hungry now.
I always rest for an hour after dinner.
You might have told me.
We'll have to talk this matter over in the near future.
He is a formidable opponent.
Ten minutes' walk brought us to the bus stop.
My uncle went to Mexico in 1983, never to come back.
I'll keep this for future use.
You look your best in this suit.
What do you usually do after dinner?
Never break your promise.
How wonderful this sight is.
I want to help you with your homework.
This data is of no value now.
I'd like to go cycling.
I have just been to Ueno station to meet Kenji.
We have two dogs, three cats, and six chickens.
This lake is among the deepest in the country.
Don't work yourself too hard.
I am sorry to say that I cannot help you.
In the park birds are singing all around.
I have many things to do now.
May I borrow a duplicate key for Room 360?
This order has just come in over the phone.
We adults shouldn't destroy the intelligent and creative capacity of children.
My briefcase is full of papers.
She was absorbed in listening to music when I visited her.
Where's that picture hiding?
These patients have trouble walking.
Hold in your stomach.
This car is as good as new.
We trained hard for the game at first.
Those students work hard, don't they?
Hey, you! What are you doing?
My house is backed by woods.
One day the men got to his village.
That tragedy was etched in my mind.
They would never fuss about me if I were Fred Smith.
This book is especially difficult to read.
The square buzzed with excitement.
I'll meet them at six.
You'll be all right again in a couple of days.
Are you in earnest in saying so?
This lid belongs with that jar.
I'm sorry. I take back my words.
This is Japan as Americans see it.
This job doesn't pay.
My uncle is an amateur cricket player.
The bank robber shouted, "Stay where you are, all of you!"
All you have to do is press the button.
The market is held every Monday.
Jim doesn't like apples, does he?
We cannot thank you too much for your help.
In ten years our town will change a lot.
Desert ecology is a new field of study.
Can you imagine the world without money?
Once they came in, Levi's never went out of fashion.
The armed forces occupied the entire territory.
Got the hang of it?
I'm far from happy about this situation.
How long are you going to stay in Japan?
The work progressed smoothly.
I adore the opera.
I threw a stone at the bird.
I missed it inadvertently.
The Indians' ancestors arrived from Asia.
This book deals with the uses of atomic power.
There seems to be some genetic problem with this animal.
How much is the rent for this room?
I've never seen a shot like that.
I correspond with many friends in Canada.
This room is well furnished.
The death penalty should be abolished.
We all agree with you.
To John, Sammy was an ideal singer.
It is rude to talk when your mouth is full.
Now we are better able to understand their motive.
A dolphin is a kind of mammal.
This car isn't worth repairing.
These are common diseases of children.
If you run after two hares, you will catch neither.
I'm not going to quit the club because I am busy.
I took a walk.
My father has a blue and gray tie.
Inform your father of my arrival.
I went to bed a little earlier than usual.
Give me a glass of water.
This road goes to the city.
This attempt has been less than a complete success.
I do not care for such a novel.
We will have to consider each application on a case-by-case basis.
I have a few friends here.
Will you type this paper for me?
I am ready to do anything to help you.
No, you need not go right now.
This smell disgusts me.